enter
Dean Qin Fengqin always posts news on the Internet
It is said that Tiancheng will encounter a major earthquake
What Tiancheng earthquake?
Yes, I have made it happen.
The phone number of the director of the Earthquake Bureau is called up
Do you want to contact him and notify him immediately?
No one answered the hum
The baloney prick
No, you must find a way to notify Tiancheng ASAP.
This is nonsense.
Oh, Luo Jun, you are finally here.
Quickly expose this lying kid
Met Lord Temero
I don't know if the Earthquake Bureau has it.
News about the Tiancheng earthquake?
Special Our Tiancheng belongs to the plain
The geological structure is extremely stable
How can an earthquake happen?
Pioneer, did you hear that?
Luo Jun is from the Earthquake Bureau
What else do you have to say now?
Luo Jun, that trash just now
That's how you predict earthquakes.
Just 15 minutes ago
That's what seismometer he uses
Predicted earthquake
It turned out that it was a building blasting at the construction site next to it.
After he was exposed by us
It was predicted to be an island country earthquake
It's absurd.
Humph nonsense
With this shit
I also want to predict the earthquake in the island country in China.
Striker, do you know how far Tianchang is from the island country?
Humph, please rest assured.
I asked someone to reassure
Tiancheng will never have an earthquake
There's going to be a big earthquake in Libra in 10 minutes
Luo Jun doesn't hurry up to evacuate the crowd
Many people will die
Can you take responsibility for this result?
If you turn 100 stars just by your words
Can you afford the wasted manpower, financial resources and material resources?
hateful
Time is running out
The crowd must be evacuated as soon as possible
Breeze Breeze
Attention everyone
There's an earthquake here in 10 minutes
Evacuate quickly
Qin Feng, what are you doing?
shooter
Qin Feng spread rumors and created panic
Now I dare to do this in front of you
I didn't take you seriously at all.
Just don't punish him severely today
It's all messed up the day after tomorrow
Professor Forward
The striker is just confused for a while
I beg you.
Give him a break this time
What are you confused about?
I think he did it on purpose at all
There are no earthquakes in Papa Island
There are no earthquakes in Tiancheng
Quickly admit your mistake
If you admit your mistake, they won't arrest you. Don't
Dad didn't lie to you
The island nation has already had an earthquake
Now we're about to have an earthquake.
Chief Executive, you have seen
This bastard
What island country earthquake are you still talking about?
Tiancheng earthquake!
Come and catch Qin Feng for me
Chief Executive
Latest News
We had a massive earthquake on the island 17 minutes ago.
What what what